docker-branch-tagging/README.md, before:

# Readme

## Install
```
pip3 install -U --user "git+https://github.com/Tethik/lame-cli-programs#egg=docker_branch_tagging&subdirectory=docker-branch-tagging"
```

## Usage

In your repo define a .docker-branch-tagging file as a json file, or use `docker-branch-tagging init` to generate one.
```json
{
	"develop": ["latest","develop-{CIRCLE_BUILD_NUM}","{git_branch}"],
	"feature/(.+)": ["{git_branch}"],
	"master": ["master","master-{CIRCLE_BUILD_NUM}","{git_latest_version_tag}"]
}
```

Should be an object where the keys are a regex pattern for the git branch name
and the values are lists of tag templates as python format strings.

Variables are populated directly from the environment variables. There is also two special variables:
`git_branch` (the current branch) and `git_latest_version_tag` (`git describe --abbrev=0 --match=[0-9]*.[0-9]*.[0-9]*`).

### Examples
```sh
docker-branch-tagging build aws-blahabhla.com/example
> docker build -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master-123 -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:0.2.1 .
```

```sh
docker-branch-tagging push aws-blahabhla.com/example
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:master 
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:master-123
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:0.2.1
```

Commit message:

Add build-arg support. Separate circleci template into not being the default any more.

docker-branch-tagging/README.md, after:

# Readme

## Install
```
pip3 install -U --user "git+https://github.com/Tethik/lame-cli-programs#egg=docker_branch_tagging&subdirectory=docker-branch-tagging"
```

## Usage

In your repo define a .docker-branch-tagging file as a json file, or use `docker-branch-tagging init` to generate one.
```json
{
	"develop": ["latest","{git_branch}"],
	"feature/(.+)": ["{git_branch}"],
	"master": ["master","{git_latest_version_tag}"]
}
```

The config should be an object where the keys are a regex pattern for the git branch name
and the values are lists of tag templates as python format strings.

Variables are populated directly from the environment variables. There is also two special variables:
`git_branch` (the current branch) and `git_latest_version_tag` (`git describe --abbrev=0 --match=[0-9]*.[0-9]*.[0-9]*`).

### Examples

The general usage flow is to first `build`, then `push` the container.

```sh
docker-branch-tagging build aws-blahabhla.com/example
> docker build -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master-123 -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:0.2.1 .
```

```sh
docker-branch-tagging push aws-blahabhla.com/example
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:master 
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:master-123
> docker push aws-blahabhla.com/example:0.2.1
```

## Init
A custom config for CircleCI is supported via the `docker-branch-tagging init --circleci`. This will generate the following config:
```
{
    "develop": ["latest","develop-{CIRCLE_BUILD_NUM}","{git_branch}"],
    "feature/(.+)": ["{git_branch}"],
    "master": ["master","master-{CIRCLE_BUILD_NUM}","{git_latest_version_tag}"]
}
```

## Building
Building supports docker build-args, these are passed directly to the docker command run in the background.
```sh
docker-branch-tagging build --build-arg hello=world aws-blahabhla.com/example  
> docker build -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:master-123 -t aws-blahabhla.com/example:0.2.1 --build-arg hello=world .
```
